Add contributors in readme (#1012)
graphql-dotnet/server: README.md

  }
}
```

## Contributors

This project exists thanks to all the people who contribute. 
<a href="https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/graphs/contributors"><img src="https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=graphql-dotnet/server" /></a>

PRs are welcome! Looking for something to work on? The list of [open issues](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/issues)

> is a great place to start. You can help the project simply respond to some of the [asked questions](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquestion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a great place to start. You can help the project by simply responding to some of the [asked questions](https://github.com/graphql-dotnet/server/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquestion).
```

Author: I copied it from core repo.
